gh-110828: AIX 32bit build needs -latomic for _testcapi module (#110962)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2023-10-17-03-10-40.gh-issue-110828.31vQ9B.rst

> AIX 32bit build needs -latomic for _testcapi module build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AIX 32bit needs ``-latomic`` to build the :mod:`!_testcapi` extension module.
```
